docs: synchronize startVitest API with docs (#3343)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/advanced/api.md

If watch mode is enabled and the terminal supports TTY, Vitest will register console shortcuts.

> You can pass down a list of filters as a second argument. Vitest will run only tests that contain at least one of passed down strings in their filepath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass down a list of filters as a second argument. Vitest will run only tests that contain at least one of the passed-down strings in their file path.
```

> The third argument is CLI arguments that will override any other test config options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can use the third argument to pass in CLI arguments, which will override any test config options.
```

> You can also pass down whole Vite config as the forth argument that will override any other user options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can pass in the complete Vite config as the fourth argument, which will take precedence over any other user-defined options.
```
